docs: offset-syncs topic default location (#6306)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/modules/configuring/con-config-mirrormaker2-replication.adoc

== Offset tracking
MirrorMaker 2.0 tracks offsets for consumer groups using _internal topics_.

* The _offset-syncs_ topic maps the source and target offsets for replicated topic partitions from record metadata
* The _checkpoints_ topic maps the last committed offset in the source and target cluster for replicated topic partitions in each consumer group

Offsets for the _checkpoints_ topic are tracked at predetermined intervals through configuration.
Both topics enable replication to be fully restored from the correct offset position on failover.

MirrorMaker 2.0 uses its `MirrorCheckpointConnector` to emit _checkpoints_ for offset tracking.

The location of the _offset-syncs_ topic is the source cluster by default.

> You can use the `offset-syncs.topic.location` connector configuration to change this to the target cluster.

Reviewer: Similar to above ... should it be set to
* the value `target` for the target cluster?
* to the alias of the target cluster?

Reviewer: Following the asnwer above from Mickael => I guess making `target` formatted would make it a bit more clear.

You need read/write access to the cluster that contains the topic.

> If you change the default, then you'll only need read access on the source cluster.

Reviewer: Maybe this scould be more clear?

```suggestion
Using the target cluster as the location of the `offset-sync` topic allows you to use Kafka MirrorMaker 2 even if you have only read access to the source cluster.
```
